---
id: 498f7bb7-f7d3-4e3c-8333-30c3e5b43976
title: Bard
desc: ''
updated: 1604432804000
created: 1604432749622
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.bard
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.bard
---
# Bard

When the road is long, when the wind is fierce or the night is black, everyone needs a light in the darkness. A reminder of past deeds or treasures waiting to be found. Whether through song, poetry or prose, it’s your job to spread a little hope and joy by the campfire. You have the ability to chase away despair and inject courage and hope into the hearts of your friends. And if you should  all one day meet your final fate, your chronicles will  let the world know of your adventures. You are a Bard.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: Dagger.
- A Lute, Flute, Lyre, or Drum.
- One item of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183). #rewrite

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of the Hymn

_Your songs can help your comrades get up on their feet, even in the heat of combat. Using the talent in combat counts as a Slow Action._
<br>RANK 1: You can help a Broken comrade within Short Range to get up on her feet. For every WP you spend, your comrade recovers one point of the attribute that has been reduced to zero.

### Path of the Song

_Your beautiful voice can captivate any audience, and can even torment the listeners if you so choose._
<br>RANK 1: By spending WP and singing, you can draw the attention of everyone in Near Range to yourself for a few minutes. They stop what they are doing, and any Scouting roll they make is modified negatively by the number of WP you spend. This has no effect in combat. 

### Path of the Warcry

_Your voice inspires your comrades and strikes fear into the hearts of your enemies. Using this talent in combat counts as a Slow Action._
<br>RANK 1: You can emit a warcry that grants all your comrades within Short Range a bonus to all attacks during the round, until you perform another action. Their rolls are modified by +1 for every WP you spend.

