---
id: 51766d86-9e03-4c40-aca4-7322950bbd3e
title: Rogue
desc: ''
updated: 1604432631696
created: 1604432563750
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.rogue
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.rogue
---
# Rogue

No one will ever give you what you wish for. To get what you want, you will have to take it for yourself. This is a lesson that you learned at a young age, and already as a child you became very skilled at liberating others from belongings that you needed more. Before, people used to spit at you and kick you. Now, as an adventurer with the Forbidden Lands at your feet, your expertise in the arts of moving silently in the shadows has become highly sought after. You are a Rogue.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: Dagger, plus Dagger or Shortsword.
- Two items of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183).

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of the Face

_You are a master of disguise and can easily assume the appearance of others._
<br>RANK 1: By spending a WP and preparing for a moment, you can assume the appearance of another person, but not their voice or demeanor. The person must be of the same build as you are. Anyone who knows the person and sees you at Near Range can discover your ruse by rolling Insight. Every extra WP you spend when you create your disguise modifies any roll to see through it by –1.

### Path of Poison

_You know the ways of a poisoner, bringing death and suffering when your victims least expect it._
<br>RANK 1: You always carry a collection of poisons, which counts as one Tiny item and doesn’t encumber you. By spending a WP, you can pull out one dose of _lethal poison_ (PH 113) with a Potency equal to the number of WP you spend multiplied by 3.

### Path of the Killer

_Battles are not always fought in the open and with steel clashing against steel. Another, less heroic type of fight takes place in the shadows, with hidden weapons and unsuspecting victims._
<br>RANK 1: When you succeed with a _Sneak Attack_ (PH 90), you can spend WP to increase damage. Every WP you spend increases damage by 1.

