---
id: 550c025d-2a0b-4f66-a703-23f75d7e565c
title: Sorcerer
desc: ''
updated: 1604432553482
created: 1604432458519
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.sorcerer
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.sorcerer
---
# Sorcerer

Let them stare at you in fear and disgust. Let them shy away from you, afraid that your dark arts will infect them. They fear you, but they need you. Who else can force nature itself to bend to their will? W ho else can make fire roar, water freeze and the earth shake? You, and only you, have seen what is beyond the veils of the world and stared into the inner core of existence. This insight is your burden to bear, so that others don’t have to. You are a Sorcerer.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: Staff or Dagger.
- One item of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183).

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of Signs

_The discipline of Symbolism uses runes, esoteric signs and symbols that reflect the underlying patterns of the world._
<br>RANK 1: You can cast rank 1 spells from the Symbolism discipline.

### Path of Stone

_Stone singing helps the sorcerer to shape the bedrock of the world._
<br>RANK 1: You can cast rank 1 spells from the Stone Song discipline.

### Path of Blood

_Through the power of blood, the Sorcerer can both benefit and bleed the target of their spells._
<br>RANK 1: You can cast rank 1 spells from the Blood Magic discipline.

### Path of Death

_Death magic draws its power from dead or dy- ing beings, from rot and decay._
<br>RANK 1: You can cast rank 1 spells from the Death Magic discipline.

