---
id: 7583f327-bc56-46d2-9cf4-37aa2b416694
title: Peddler
desc: ''
updated: 1604432710941
created: 1604432643797
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.peddler
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.peddler
---
# Peddler

Bargaining, buying for little and selling for more, turning two silvers into three, has always been your way to survive. While the Blood Mist lay thick across the lands, trade between the villages was limited and very local. Now, the mist has lifted, and the Forbidden Lands and its treasures are yours for the taking or buying, then selling to the highest bidder. You are a Peddler.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: Dagger. 
- Four items of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183). #rewrite

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of Gold

_You are a master at bargaining, and have an unerring knack for finding treasure._
<br>RANK 1: When you are about to buy an item, you can spend a WP to automatically negotiate the price down. The price is decreased by one-fifth for every WP you spend (up to a maximum of 4 WP per item). 

### Path of Many Things

_You carry a Heavy knapsack (PH 37) that contains a seemingly endless supply of stuff and knickknacks._
<br>RANK 1: When you spend a WP, you can find retrieve any _Trade Good_ (PH 182) from your knapsack. It cannot be a Heavy object, and it cannot cost more than 1 piece of silver per WP spent.

### Path of Lies

_You are a master liar, skilled at both seeing through lies and telling them yourself without being discovered._
<br>RANK 1: If you spend a WP when speaking with an NPC, the GM must reveal if the NPC is lying or not. The GM does not have to reveal what exactly the NPC is lying about.

