---
id: 824d4426-a523-4e8e-b21e-8a075e535f31
title: Fighter
desc: ''
updated: 1604432118751
created: 1604428169990
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.fighter
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.fighter
---
# Fighter

You have followed the way of the sword as long as you can remember. Wiped the blood of countless enemies from your blade. Felt many wounds heal into ugly scars on your body. You fear battle, yet you yearn for it. The battle is your life. Your task is to protect your weaker friends from all enemies and you take that task very seriously – but the truth is, you live for the thrill of battle itself. When the fight is over, you clean your blade and get ready for the next fray. You are a Fighter.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: A one-handed weapon of your choice.
- Armour: Studded Leather Armour.
- One item of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183).

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of the Blade

_You practice with your blade every day and know all its qualities, as if it were part of your own body._
<br>RANK 1: When you hit with a close combat attack, you can spend a WP to find a weakness in your opponent’s armor or natural armor. The armor has no effect against your attack.

### Path of the Shield

_You are a rock in the heat of battle, immovable and hard to kill, parrying and defending as if guided by the gods._
<br>RANK 1: When a friend within Near Range is attacked, you can spend a WP to Parry the attack for them. Your Parry follows the normal rules and counts as one of your actions in the round. 

### Path of the Enemy

_You see through your opponent and anticipate his next move before it happens._
<br>RANK 1: ?

