---
id: c7a8bc33-b9de-4ed7-bd69-7e3f6124c1e2
title: Rider
desc: ''
updated: 1604432934913
created: 1604432882171
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.rider
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.rider
---
# Rider

The legends say that the animals in ancient time mocked the humans for having only two legs. For that reason, your ancestors allied themselves with the horses on the great plains. Now, you have six legs together and hands to wield spear and bow. You ride faster than anyone, you strike, and you are gone before the enemy has realised what happened. You love the feeling of the wind in your face as you charge across the land. You are a Rider.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- A Riding Horse.
- Weapons: Spear or Handaxe, plus Sling or Shortbow and Quiver with D4 Arrows.
- One item of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183). #rewrite

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of the Companion

_Your horse (or another riding animal) is your closest friend and companion, and will help you if you are in trouble._
<br>RANK 1: If you spend a WP when you are _Broken_, your horse will stay by your side and defend you. The horse will attack any opponents that attempt to attack or move you.

### Path of the Knight

_You are a master at fighting mounted. All the effects of this talent require that you are mounted and that you are in an Open Zone in combat (PH 88)._
<br>RANK 1: When mounted, you can spend 1 WP to draw an extra initiative cards during the initiative draw, and choose the best card. The cards you have discarded are shuffled back into the deck before the other combatants draw their cards. This talent can be combined with _Lightning Fast_, letting you draw more initiative cards.

### Path of the Plains

_Your mount is fast like the wind._
<br>RANK 1: For every WP you spend, your mount can move one extra hex in a _Quarter Day_ (PH 144), in normal terrain. Difficult terrain requires two WP per extra hex.

