---
id: f502fe69-d9eb-4783-9fc6-f4b158f3284f
title: Hunter
desc: ''
updated: 1604432875418
created: 1604432811619
parent: 61eb0e28-8280-4310-8e90-07dbf2df232f
children: []
fname: campaign.twc.profession.hunter
hpath: campaign.twc.profession.hunter
---
# Hunter

The wild lands are your home. In the forests and the moun-tains, on the open plains and by the winding rivers – that’s where  you find inner peace. People say that the wilds  are  dangerous, that they are evil. Granted, you have seen the monsters that roam the lands. But you know how to  move unseen and unheard, and to kill effectively if  you need to. And  when you bring home your prey to the camp and it’s time to eat, no one is  complaining. You are a Hunter.

## Starting Gear and Trade Goods

- Weapons: A Shortbow or Longbow, plus a Quiver with D6 Arrows Resource.
- Two items of your choice from the list of Trade Goods (PH 182-183).

## Starting Rank 1 Talent

### Path of the Beast

_You have an animal as a trusted companion._
<br>RANK 1: Your animal can scout for you. You can spend a WP to send the animal ahead to check out a place nearby, and the animal will warn you if there is a threat there.

### Path of the Arrow

_You are a master archer and fire arrows as if they were controlled by your own will._
<br>RANK 1: When you hit with a ranged weapon attack, you can spend a WP to find a weakness in your opponent’s armor or natural armor. The armor offers no protection against your attack.

### Path of the Forest

_You are a master at surviving in the wilderness._
<br>RANK 1: When you _Forage_, _Hunt_, or _Lead The Way_, you succeed automatically if you spend a WP. You can roll first and spend the point if you fail.

